We'd love you to join us in an
exploration of your senses.
We want thousands of you to take part
in the Perception Census.
A set of interactive tasks and questions
exploring how you experience
the world and yourself within it.
Perception is the process
by which the brain interprets
the information coming in through
the senses, to create our unique experience
of the world. Whether it's the light
that reaches the eyes, or the pressure
waves in the air that reach the ears.
Through perception,
we're able to experience a vivid world
filled with colours, shapes, objects,
sounds and more...
and we experience ourselves as occupying
a central role within this world.
Understanding how perception works has
occupied scientists and philosophers
for centuries, and there's
still plenty we don't know.
One key question is about something
known as perceptual diversity.
Just as we all differ from the outside,
we all differ on the inside too.
The Perception Census will help us
understand much more about
the similarities and differences
which exist between us,
and by taking part,
you'll help us understand more about how
the unique way in which we each encounter
the world, shapes our lives and who we are.
The Perception Census is
made up of several sections.
We'd love everyone to complete
the Fundamentals of Perception first,
and then you can choose which of the other
sections you'd like to do next.
Each section won't take long to complete,
and all you'll need is your own computer.
Do as many, or as few, sections as you like.
It's up to you, and the more you do,
the more valuable the research becomes.
There's no need to do
everything in one sitting.
You can return to the census as many times
as you like and will keep
track of your progress.
Thank you for contributing
to this research.
We want you to know that every person
taking part really does make a massive
difference, and we hope you'll enjoy
learning more about your particular
way of making sense of the world.
To take part visit dreamachine.world/perceptionsensus.